welcome to the man of recaps this is the
Walking Dead Season ten episode 13
it's a Michonne episode we haven't seen
her since episode 8 before the break she
left on a boat to take the new guy they
found Virgil back to his home Island
apparently some sort of Navy base he
claimed that they have a bunch of
weapons there including maybe some heavy
ordnance and if Michonne helped him get
home she can take it for the fight
against the whisperers Virgil is really
dragging his feet though stops to pick
some flowers for his wife turns out his
wife is dead oh yeah his whole family's
gone he's kind of lost it he's like hey
while you're here you want to use your
zombie killing skills to help clear out
this building of zombies so I can get my
wife and kids and buried them so
Michelle goes through katana time Virgil
is no help at all luckily Michelle's
like don't worry I got it so they bury
his family Michelle's like okay now
where these weapons at he's like well
it's getting dark let's go in the
morning that night though Michonne
decides to take a look around herself
Virgil comes behind her and all locks
are in he's got some other prisoners
next door they talked through the wall
it's like no no we were friends with
Virgil we were all in the community
together but long story short like his
family died and he went crazy she eats
the food he gave her and when he comes
back he's like hey how are things
looking are you having a crazy drug trip
she has a vision of her past self yeah
remember when we met her she had her
Sambi bodyguards that was hardcore
Michelle she dreams up an alternate
history where she didn't save Andrea and
so never joined our crew and in fact
later met up with negan and ended up
joining the Savior's whoa alternate
history cool stuff eventually the drugs
wear off and Virgil's let his guard down
so she stabs him with a fork and escapes
but sadly he did already burn the boat
so Michonne tackles him his old friends
are like yeah can we kill him please
the Michonne who just had a bad trip
where she was a villain is like no let's
show mercy turns out there's no weapons
here at all he was in fact lying to her
they looked through his closet he's like
this is what I got I mean you could take
anything you want
what Michonne finds is a smelly old pair
of cowboy boots which Shia hugs oh snap
those boots belonged to Rick Grimes
apparently they washed ashore from this
other boat nearby and Michonne goes
exploring on it and finds an old
cellphone with a picture of her and
Judith itched into it this is the first
clue they've had in nine years as to
what happened to Rick what adventure has
he been on and why is their Japanese
written on it Michonne calls Judith on
the radio and also talks to her and
Rick's son RJ Rick
here I've never mentioned it before
because he hasn't done anything but yeah
remember she was pregnant Turin did have
a kid anyway this is apparently after
alpha batting cuz Judith's like yeah the
whisperer threats done we're all good
here so Michonne's like oh if you don't
need me there right away you know I
found a clue to where Rick might be and
Judith's like yo mom will be fine here
you gotta go find him so Michonne's off
on a solo adventure to find Rick
complete with their two new zombie
bodyguards eventually they find some
randos they're like hey can you help us
my legs injured and like our crew is
leaving without us turns out their crew
is a massive caravan of people what
group is this what do they come from and
where are they going and is Rick with
them there's nothing announced yet but
in theory there's gonna eventually be
some sort of Rick's adventure spin-off
movie or series or something and looks
like Michelle will be in that - trying
to track him down so get excited for
that this is in fact Michonne's final
episode on The Walking Dead end of an
era she's been amazing
gonna be weird without her but this show
just keeps going on where does it go
from here find out next time on The
Walking Dead hit that subscribe button
for more of the best recaps of TV and
movies and click the join button to
support the channel and be a recap
champion